README.md, before:

# Welcome to s by joy

[![JavScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-JavaScript-blue.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Java-green.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Go-ff69b4.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Python-yellow.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-C-blueviolet.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![C+](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-C+-yellowgreen.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Ruby-red.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![Lua](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Lua-blue.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Swift-green.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Kotlin-red.svg)](https://shields.io/)  
  
## Description
  
d

## User Story

As a f, I want to d, so that a4a

  
## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributors](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)

  
## Installation

To use this application, run the following commands in your terminal to install the appropriate packages

* undefined

## Usage 

After you've installed the packages, a


## License
No Licenses Used

## Contributing
s

## Tests
To test this application, use command a

## Questions
  
If you see any improvements that can be made, please email me at no. You can also visit my GitHub page at https://github.com/h or visit the s page at s

Commit message:

fixed bug where if user did not instal packages, it would come up undefined. also fixed some spelling errors

README.md, after:

# Welcome to d by joy

[![JavScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-JavaScript-blue.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Java-green.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Go-ff69b4.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Python-yellow.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-C-blueviolet.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![C+](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-C+-yellowgreen.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Ruby-red.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![Lua](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Lua-blue.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Swift-green.svg)](https://shields.io/)  [![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Kotlin-red.svg)](https://shields.io/)  
  
## Description
  


## User Story

As a , I want to , so that 

  
## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributors](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)

  
## Installation

To use this application, run the following commands in your terminal to install the appropriate packages

* 

## Usage 

After you've installed the packages, 


## License
No Licenses Used

## Contributing
This project has no other contributors.

## Tests
No Tests

## Questions
  
If you see any improvements that can be made, please email me at jojy. You can also visit my GitHub page at https://github.com/s or visit the d page at
